Add Snowflake integration docs (#12816)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/guides/gui-clients.mdx

![Redis Insight Connected](../../../img/database-access/guides/redis/redisinsight-connected.png)

## Snowflake: JetBrains (IntelliJ, Goland, DataGrip, PyCharm, etc.)

Snowflake integration works only in the authenticated proxy mode. Run `tsh` proxy by using the command below:
```
tsh proxy db --tunnel --port 2000 snowflake
```

In "Database Explorer" click the "add" button, pick "Data Source", and then pick "Snowflake":

![JetBrains Add Database](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/jetbrains-add-database.png)

Next, set "Host" to `localhost` and "Port" to the port returned by the `tsh proxy db` command you ran earlier (`2000` in the example above).
Set the "Username" to match the one that you are assuming when you connect to Snowflake via Teleport and enter any value (e.g., "teleport") in the "Password" field:

![JetBrains General](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/jetbrains-general.png)

Switch to the "Advanced" tab and set any value (e.g., "teleport") as `account` and add a new record named `ssl` with value `off`:

![JetBrains Advanced](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/jetbrains-advanced.png)

> <Admonition type="note">

Author: Sorry, I missed that. Fixed now.

Congratulations! You have just connected to your Redis instance.

![Redis Insight Connected](../../../img/database-access/guides/redis/redisinsight-connected.png)

> ## Snowflake - JetBrains (IntelliJ, Goland, DataGrip, PyCharm etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Snowflake: JetBrains (IntelliJ, Goland, DataGrip, PyCharm, etc.)
```

> <Admonition type="note">

Reviewer: If we are expecting all readers to run this command, I think we should remove the `Admonition` tags and frame this instruction as the first step in this section. Right now, it looks like an aside, and a user might bypass this code snippet without running the proxy.

>   Snowflake integration works only in the authenticated proxy mode. Remember to add `--tunnel` flag when starting the proxy, example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Snowflake integration works only in the authenticated proxy mode. Remember to add the `--tunnel` flag when starting the proxy, example:
```

Author: Added

  ```
  tsh proxy db --tunnel --port 2000 snowflake
  ```
</Admonition>

> In "Database Explorer" click and the add button and then pick "Data Source" and pick "Snowflake":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In "Database Explorer" click the "add" button, pick "Data Source", and then pick "Snowflake":
```
I think it would be a bit clearer to use quotation marks around "add," even though the button doesn't actually say "add."

![JetBrains Add Database](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/jetbrains-add-database.png)

> Next set "Host" to `localhost` and "Port" as the one returned by the proxy command (`2000` in the example above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, set "Host" to `localhost` and "Port" to the port returned by the `tsh proxy db` command you ran earlier (`2000` in the example above).
```

> Set the "Username" to match the one that you are connecting to using Teleport and enter any value in the "Password" field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the "Username" to match the one that you are assuming when you connect to Snowflake via Teleport and enter any value in the "Password" field:
```

Reviewer: If the password field will be disregarded, I don't think it makes sense to advise the reader to enter any value. Is it okay to leave this blank?

![JetBrains General](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/jetbrains-general.png)

> Switch to "Advanced" tab and set any value as `account` and add new record named `ssl` with value `off`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch to the "Advanced" tab and set any value as `account` and add a new record named `ssl` with value `off`:
```

Reviewer: If the "account" field will be disregarded, I don't think it makes sense to advise the reader to enter any value. Is it okay to leave this blank?

Author: The same situation as with password. You will see "account is not set" if you leave it empty.

![JetBrains Advanced](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/jetbrains-advanced.png)

<Admonition type="note">

>   Password and account name are being ignored as Teleport uses the values provided in the Database Agent configuration.

Reviewer: Can we change "are being ignored" to use the active voice? What is ignoring these fields?

>   SSL set to `off` disables only encryption on local machine. Connection to Snowflake is encrypted by Teleport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting "SSL" to `off` only disables encryption on your local machine. The connection to Snowflake is encrypted by Teleport.
```

</Admonition>

Now you can click "Test Connection" to check your configuration.

![JetBrains Success](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/jetbrains-success.png)

> Congratulations! 🎉 You have just connected to your Snowflake instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You have just connected to your Snowflake instance.
```
For consistency with the remaining sections

> ## Snowflake - DBeaver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Snowflake: DBeaver
```

> <Admonition type="note">

Reviewer: As per an earlier comment, we should frame this `Admonition` as an instruction that everyone should follow rather than a warning and remove the `Admonition` tags.

  Snowflake integration works only in the authenticated proxy mode. Remember to add `--tunnel` flag when starting the proxy, example:
  ```
  tsh proxy db --tunnel --port 2000 snowflake
  ```
</Admonition>

> Add new database by clicking the add icon in the left top corner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new database by clicking the "add" icon in the top-left corner:
```

![DBeaver Main Screen](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/dbeaver-main-screen.png)

In the search bar of the "Connect to a database" window that opens up, type "snowflake", select the Snowflake driver, and click "Next":

![DBeaver Select Database](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/dbeaver-select-database.png)

> Set "Host" to `localhost` and "Port" as the one returned by the proxy command (`2000` in the example above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set "Host" to `localhost` and "Port" to the port returned by the `tsh proxy db` command you ran earlier (`2000` in the example above).
```

> In the "Authentication" section set the "Username" to match the one that you are connecting to using Teleport

Reviewer: Let's rephrase this since you wouldn't be connecting to a user, but to a database _as_ the user.

> and enter any value in the "Password" field:

Reviewer: As above, I don't think we should tell users to set `password` to any value if the value will be ignored. Can we indicate that the value should be either blank or some arbitrary value that we specify, then make it explicit here that the value is ignored?

![DBeaver Main](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/dbeaver-main.png)

> Next click on "Driver properties" tab and set `account` to any value and in "User properties" set `ssl` to `off`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, click the "Driver properties" tab and set `account` to any value and in "User properties" set `ssl` to `off`:
```

Reviewer: As above, I don't think we should tell users to set `account` to any value if the value will be ignored. Can we indicate that the value should be either blank or some arbitrary value that we specify, then make it explicit here that the value is ignored?

Author: As I mentioned above, the field cannot be empty. We specify here a value, but then you will end up with
"Set account to `teleport`"
"Note: `Account` property is ignored."
I agree that the current version is confusing and I can change it if you think that specifying the value will be better.

![DBeaver Driver](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/dbeaver-driver.png)

> <Admonition type="note">

Reviewer: Same comment as the JetBrains section re: this Admonition.

  Password and account name are being ignored as Teleport uses the values provided in the Database Agent configuration.
  SSL set to `off` disables only encryption on local machine. Connection to Snowflake is encrypted by Teleport.
</Admonition>

> Now you can click on "Test Connection..." in the left bottom corner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can click on "Test Connection..." in the bottom-left corner:
```

![DBeaver Success](../../../img/database-access/guides/snowflake/dbeaver-success.png)

> Congratulations! 🎉 You have just connected to your Snowflake instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You have just connected to your Snowflake instance.
```
As above
